Yes What I introduce this time is how to use the battle helicopter with that glassf
I would like to introduce because I found it if I was looking for a little
First go to this site and
Our new fighters at the description I is written here but this here
It's clickable and this click here
And this is Pass Watony that there is a pass
It seems
Click here to
Please familiarize yourself with this site
Then you will go to this site
Wintering
Url of this site will leave there in the description field
And url of this site is also in snow Rivera
I think I want to go there
Well,
Here you may download and password
You must enter this download password in love
And download is password
As it is written on this site
Please choose this growth is referred to as
Once you download passer
I think it is something
Please wait a moment
Good YYY
If you enter a password , this authentication will be a place
When the delivery to
It will be succeeded in the password authentication
Then you will download this as it will download normally
And then
You can download say this fighter data father
Yes this is
When unzipping
Contents has become something like
This is the contents of this guy
In this is a psp of the grassef
It is save data
Yes
So first of all
A little towards pc
I think that I want to transfer
Well then
I would like to erase all the saved data of Grassef in 8 pt .
Well, this is the end of all saved data saved in psp .
Then
connect psp flexibly
Yes if you connect pcp to your computer
Open this psp file here that pc open psp file
There is that save data in the
And what was decompressed in the save data just before
I will put that as it is
Yes I finished
Then I would like to do a d'Glassef to try
Yes try to start the game
Combat helicopters will not fall like this in the garage
After this
that
Also this center helicopter
is not it
It was on this site
Because there is a way to put out the battle helicopter on this site, I will do my best while looking at this site
If you put out the battle helicopter, you can use the battle helicopter
How to operate this combat helicopter to 8 tsunami
Oh dear
I don't understand myself well
I tried to use it but
I said that
It is not
bear with l or r l or round button
I can beat the bad feeling This is this
It is another point of caution but if this center helicopter is broken once
that
As it does not come out to the garage, if it is broken once, save saved data and load it from the beginning
I have to start
Yes more
It was how to use the grassef send edge
Yes
the end